What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	
	It creates a hidden .git directory and it holds the configuration and history files necessary to make this directory a repository and for Git to work properly.s

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	It is like a middle state where you organize the files before committing them to the repository. It offers flexibility in commits.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	It is up to me to deceide which files to add to the staging area. So if I have modified several files and I want to commit them per logical change, I can add them seperately to the staging area and commit with a message.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	
	If you deceide to try an experimental feature or make different versions of your app, branches make organization easier. With creating separate branches for different versions you can switch between them and make necessary changes.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams help to visualize complex branching systems by providing a convenient tree-like graph. It makes it easy to see which commit is part of wich branch and the entire inheritance relationship.  

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
		
	Merging combines files in two or more branches and makes one branch out of them. When merging Git takes the root file as reference and decides whether it should add or delete a line from a file. If a line is added, then merged file adds it, but if a line is removed in any of the branches, then Git doesn't include that line. You represent it in the diagram that way, because the final merged branch is obtained from two different branches. Hence, that way it is clear to see that merging operation.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
